docs: add explanation into CHANGELOG (#219)
godwokenrises/light-godwoken: CHANGELOG.md

* Fix ckb validation in withdrawal_v1 route ([#195](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/issues/195))

### Features
* Support unlocking legacy withdrawal cells from Godwoken_v0 ([#200](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/pull/200))
> This feature provides a convenient function for users to unlock legacy(v0) withdrawal cells through https://bridge.godwoken.io/#/v0/withdrawal/pending
> [What is legacy withdrawal cells (v0)?](https://github.com/godwokenrises/godwoken/blob/develop/docs/deposit_and_withdrawal.md#legacy-withdrawal-cells-v0)

* Support layer1-transfer ([#210](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/pull/210))

> > This feature provides a handy function for users to send CKB to their CEX or wallet or other L1 addresses through Godwoken Bridge. It helps users transfer excess CKBs into sUDT units (usually withdrawal units), a tool that was missing in Nervos ecosystem.

Author: ```suggestion
> This feature provides a handy function for users to send CKB to their CEX or wallet or other L1 addresses through Godwoken Bridge. It helps users to transfer the extra CKB inside a sUDT cell (usually a withdrawal cell), a tool that was missing in  Nervos ecosystem.
```

> > Thank @alejandroRbit for [the feature request](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/issues/189).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Thanks [@alejandroRbit](https://github.com/alejandroRbit) for [the feature request](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/issues/189).
```

Do you think we should add a link to the `@`? 
Will GitHub add it automatically if we don't?

> > Thanks [@alejandroRbit](https://github.com/alejandroRbit) for [the feature request](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/issues/189).

Author: ```suggestion
> Thanks @alejandroRbit for [the feature request](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/issues/189).
```

### Features

> * Unlock legacy withdrawal cells feature ([#200](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/pull/200))

Author: ```suggestion
* Support unlock legacy withdrawal cells from Godwoken_v0 ([#200](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/pull/200))
> This feature provides a convenient function for users to unlock legacy(v0) withdrawal cells through https://bridge.godwoken.io/#/v0/withdrawal/pending
> [What is legacy withdrawal cells (v0)?](https://github.com/godwokenrises/godwoken/blob/develop/docs/deposit_and_withdrawal.md#legacy-withdrawal-cells-v0)

```

* Support layer1-transfer ([#210](https://github.com/godwokenrises/light-godwoken/pull/210))

> > This feature provides a handy function for users to send CKB to their CEX or wallet or other L1 addresses on Godwoken Bridge. It helps users transfer excess CKBs into sUDT units (usually withdrawal units), a tool that was missing in Nervos ecosystem.

Author: ```suggestion
> This feature provides a handy function for users to send CKB to their CEX or wallet or other L1 addresses through Godwoken Bridge. It helps users transfer excess CKBs into sUDT units (usually withdrawal units), a tool that was missing in Nervos ecosystem.
```
